1. To create this project I talked to my peers. I asked them what kind of app/website would they want to see that is fun/helpful. Funnily enough, a lot of thier suggestions were homeworks or projects I've already done for this class. Finally, my best friend said it would be nice to have an itinerary for a self care day. This idea was right up my alley. I thought about how I wanted this to appear and how I wanted the user to experience my site. At a high-level, I created a plan, gave it to Gemini, edited/tweaked aspects that I could, tested, and repeated.
2. I used Gemini and Claude for this project. I mainly used Gemini, but sometimes when you have a specific problem it tends to overcomplicate it rather than providing a solution. This is when I went to Claude because it hasn't had eyes on my project before and is typically good at debugging logic errors. I used both of these in a browser chat.
3. I chose these agents and this approach because I have found it to be the most effective over the semester. It is also worht mentioning, when I prompt the AI, I have already broken my plan into many parts and only provide one at a time. This gives the best results for each stage of development rather than a full site with tons of bugs from the beginning.
4. Before 113, I had never thought about how a user would expeirence my site. When having to write the SPEC for the agentic homework, I realised how important that is. Even in this project I used it when prompting. Also, I never throughly thought through plans for games, I would just add features as I went. Now, I see the importance of at least having a base plan from the beginning. I also have much more technical understanding of frontends/backends after this class.
5. Given more time, I might add a map where users can see where other users have visted and left reviews. This would be applicable if my app was more large-scale.
